[Music]
Tonight is so bright, the evening moon hangs in the
sky, not singing loudly, not inviting, not
buying, smiling, with the Lord at the end of the Russian line,
who, who, who, with the Lord at the end of the Russian line, who, who,
who, we, the bright moon
[Music] with
hands holding guns, beating rhythmically,
holding lanterns, welcoming the moonlight, the moon enters the
village, into the village, breaking the Mid-Autumn
Festival, breaking the festival [Music] into the village, breaking the Mid-
Autumn Festival, breaking the festival, a really big Mid-Autumn Festival, grapefruit, grapes, lining up quickly, singing the song, lime cakes, pancakes, baked cakes, rhombus shapes, round shapes, eyes,
please, Uncle Cuoi, let's go tonight, Cuoi, oh Cuoi, let's go tonight, oh ...
Welcoming the moonlight, the moon
follows me into the village to make pho, the
Mid-Autumn Festival in the heart of the city, the Mid-Autumn Festival in Laos,
and if there's a Mid-Autumn Festival, we
must try our best. The Mid-Autumn Festival is said to have to be
celebrated, but I
stay because of whom?
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]